may you please elaborate on it?

seems fine to me.

I am wondering what you mean by ...

I would like to confirm which one is correct?

you can say A rather than B

Both of these ... feel wrong to me.

if you help i would appreciate it.

i dont believe this is right one.

What exactly do you mean by ...

but please correct me if I'm wrong.

I wouldn't be able to answer them.

Have you looked up ..

A while back I heard this

I guess I was wrong.

I may be wrong, but I tend to think ....

this is good item i've ever seen.

Yeah, I suspected something like that. Maybe it's because I'm not from that background but it seems like it might be easier to figure out JS first.

Not sure though.

Does this help?

I’d definitely learn react before redux 

Does the Alpha currently have a Hooks api ?

I have a albums store and within it I also have a array called albums that holds actual albums... Should I rename it to 'data'?

I am using redux for some values but I would like to keep a local state for textInput fields. Is this okay to do or is it considered bad practice?

i did find it a couple days ago, and i can see it does some of the best practices.

I assume you're planning on adding more data down the road

I'd encourage you to try using that configureStore() function from Redux Starter Kit
you can go ahead and keep writing all your reducers by hand for now

I’ve changed it and now it says it can’t find react redux when compiling my app.

Let me give it a quick try

Too bad I can’t test it till morning but it’s the exact same issue

Added some logging to see where the problem is

Thanks, will check it out

I have been working on a pretty big application for the last year

we knew it could be done better

this has nothing to do with your abstractions

changing abstractions like for example a Button will most commonly affect a multitude of module

This is how we started thinking about a modular architecture for our application

I don't know as I am still learning

some of the things we could accomplish by using them.

Small mistake but everything else is explained perfectly

I’m curious why you say he should

I do use Bootstrap or Bulma with SASS Modules for styling.

I have a page with a form collection were the user can add, remove or edit their favorite books and movies 

I am wondering where we should store components with logic or styling

As many others have pointed out, more details are required